ways that you can help your team prepare for an upcoming tough mission
first and foremost is obviously training and you have to have that
foresight ahead of time to know that should be of particular mission
coming down the line and then training to that and stressing them as
much as you possibly can in that training environment to prepare them
for that tough mission ahead so that way the first time that they're
experiencing some of that toughness you know isn't during when
that mission is happening but they will actually already experienced
that during training set situations and scenarios because that's where
you can apply fixes when you start noticing some of those deficiencies
and building that mental tenacity and when that mental to nasty
is built then you also start to see that physical capacity come out
and they'll be ready for those tough mission so training ahead of
time and and training and stressful environment that's going to get
you prepared for those tough missions